Pastor Brent McQuay: Foreign. And welcome to another episode of
Pastor Brent McQuay: Between Sermons. I'm Brent, the host, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: I get to be the lead pastor
Pastor Brent McQuay: at Disciples Church. And we are going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to have a great conversation today, turning
Pastor Brent McQuay: the, the monologue from the stage on
Pastor Brent McQuay: Sunday into a real dialogue. We. We
Pastor Brent McQuay: get to kind of dig a little
Pastor Brent McQuay: bit deeper into Sunday's message and kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of turn this into a little bit
Pastor Brent McQuay: of a small group. And so thanks
Pastor Brent McQuay: for hanging out with us. But in
Pastor Brent McQuay: order to have a conversation, I can't
Pastor Brent McQuay: just be talking out of camera. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: got to be talking to people. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so I've got two amazing people with
Pastor Brent McQuay: me. But first off, the awesome co
Pastor Brent McQuay: host, Taisha Beasley.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yay. Why am I always clapping?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know. But you're here every
Pastor Brent McQuay: week and stuck with me. Stuck for
Pastor Brent McQuay: like an hour.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I love to talk. You are so
Ti'heasha Beasley: self aware where stuck is a great
Ti'heasha Beasley: word.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Stuck is the word.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, no. I'm sorry, Chris, we're gonna
Ti'heasha Beasley: bring you, we're gonna bring you in,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but before I introduce you, I just
Ti'heasha Beasley: want to say you inspire me to
Ti'heasha Beasley: be more casual.
Pastor Brent McQuay: To buy more hoodies.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, that too. But I like how
Ti'heasha Beasley: you said, I was actually telling pretty
Ti'heasha Beasley: this last week how you say you
Ti'heasha Beasley: get to be the pastor of Disciples
Ti'heasha Beasley: Church. And that may seem like a
Ti'heasha Beasley: small word word to you, like, oh,
Ti'heasha Beasley: but it really is like, it puts
Ti'heasha Beasley: things.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's the truth of the state of
Pastor Brent McQuay: situation.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's such a liberal statement.
Pastor Brent McQuay: See, I don't even view that as
Pastor Brent McQuay: humble. I just view that as like.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, it's like an honor. Like, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: get to serve you guys.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I get to. And if there's ever
Pastor Brent McQuay: a time when I don't get to
Pastor Brent McQuay: do that, that would suck. I'd be
Pastor Brent McQuay: very sad.
Ti'heasha Beasley: How do you turn a compliment into.
Pastor Brent McQuay: A. I don't know. It's a skill.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's a gift.
Kris Lacy: It's a gift.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay, let's move along. I get to
Ti'heasha Beasley: be on this podcast with my sister
Ti'heasha Beasley: Chris Lacey today, who is a, well,
Ti'heasha Beasley: wellness coach in her field. And I,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I must say, when we were thinking
Ti'heasha Beasley: about the guests to have on this
Ti'heasha Beasley: show as we dive into Esther with
Ti'heasha Beasley: this called series, definitely we thought of
Ti'heasha Beasley: you for this time. So welcome to
Ti'heasha Beasley: the show.
Kris Lacy: Thank you. Thank you for having me.
Kris Lacy: And when you said you thought of
Kris Lacy: me, I'm like, really? Tell me more.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It was intentional. Yeah, it was intentional.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But thank you for joining us and
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know it's going to be a
Ti'heasha Beasley: great conversation.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This will be fun because I get
Pastor Brent McQuay: to talk to your husband like every
Pastor Brent McQuay: week for like an hour. So this
Pastor Brent McQuay: will be different.
Kris Lacy: I know. And I get to talk
Kris Lacy: to your wife.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, actually, I think. I think I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: supposed to talk to James tonight. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're supposed to be talking to Sol
Pastor Brent McQuay: tonight. Look at that timing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Discipleship groups. Get in one.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Get in one. Because in my mind,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm like, wait, what's happening? Like, did
Ti'heasha Beasley: I miss something? No, I'm just nosy.
Ti'heasha Beasley: But no, this is gonna be a
Ti'heasha Beasley: great show because I really.
Kris Lacy: Man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: The story of Esther. First of all,
Ti'heasha Beasley: let's. Let's pause with the Call series
Ti'heasha Beasley: in general. Like, have you ever. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: mean, not. Have you ever. Have you
Ti'heasha Beasley: been able to see or listen to
Ti'heasha Beasley: some of the sermons? How has it
Ti'heasha Beasley: been? Rocking.
Kris Lacy: It's been good so far. I just
Kris Lacy: really enjoyed Saul. And I was telling
Kris Lacy: Sol about it because I just remember
Kris Lacy: being that person who, like, I felt
Kris Lacy: like I heard from God regularly, and
Kris Lacy: I would be like, yeah, but no,
Kris Lacy: I'mma do it. I'mma do it this
Kris Lacy: way. And so it. It was just
Kris Lacy: nice. And I appreciated the level of
Kris Lacy: accountability that came with that conversation because
Kris Lacy: so many of us don't connect to
Kris Lacy: Saul. They're like, you know, I'm not.
Kris Lacy: But for everybody to kind of see
Kris Lacy: themselves, you know, in that place, like,
Kris Lacy: it really resonated with me a lot.
Kris Lacy: And I was just. I was also
Kris Lacy: grateful because I'm like, I'm not like
Kris Lacy: Saul anymore. So this is really good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good.
Kris Lacy: Yeah, I felt really good in a.
Kris Lacy: In a very holy way.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No, but it can be very encouraging
Pastor Brent McQuay: when you're like, oh, that's really bad.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, I'm not that bad.
Kris Lacy: Everyone's bad anymore.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Not anymore. No, seriously, we were talking
Ti'heasha Beasley: about, on. I think it was with
Ti'heasha Beasley: David how his failure was like a
Ti'heasha Beasley: top tier failure. Do you have any
Ti'heasha Beasley: top tier failures? Don't share, but, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: do you have any.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Wow, that's. You just got real personal
Pastor Brent McQuay: real fast.
Kris Lacy: Many spirit fingers.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I feel like if we go down
Ti'heasha Beasley: the list, can we all say, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I think I had a top tier
Ti'heasha Beasley: failure?
Kris Lacy: Several.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Which really, this series humbles you because
Ti'heasha Beasley: you can, like you said, reflect and
Ti'heasha Beasley: see yourself in so many of the
Ti'heasha Beasley: different. I won't say characters, but the
Ti'heasha Beasley: different people that God chose to use.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I love Pastor Brent, how you
Ti'heasha Beasley: really want us to focus on in
Ti'heasha Beasley: this Call series, the heart behind, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: the word call, which is to love
Ti'heasha Beasley: God and love his people and serve.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I really love that perspective. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: one thing that we're going to talk
Ti'heasha Beasley: about today is the assignments that come
Ti'heasha Beasley: with that calling and so it should
Ti'heasha Beasley: be a great conversation. But if you
Ti'heasha Beasley: didn't get a chance to listen to
Ti'heasha Beasley: the sermon, Pastor Chris, who is our
Ti'heasha Beasley: founding, one of our founding pastors, did
Ti'heasha Beasley: an amazing job on speaking on Esther.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So since you are the only pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: on the set, go ahead and give
Ti'heasha Beasley: us a recap on the story of
Ti'heasha Beasley: Esther before we jump into conversation.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, so Esther is. It's a very
Pastor Brent McQuay: interesting book in the Bible. So it
Pastor Brent McQuay: lands in the kind of the history
Pastor Brent McQuay: books for the people of Israel. Actually
Pastor Brent McQuay: read a stat that Esther is one
Pastor Brent McQuay: of the most read books in Jewish.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jewish culture outside of the first five
Pastor Brent McQuay: books of the Bible. It's like, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's a very important story for them.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But it's interesting because also it's the
Pastor Brent McQuay: only book that's fully written while in
Pastor Brent McQuay: Persia. So they're in exile. It's. This
Pastor Brent McQuay: story's taking place for all of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: guys listening that just love the movie
Pastor Brent McQuay: 300 and King Xerxes, it's the same
Pastor Brent McQuay: king.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So like there's like this crossover happening.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So like if you were curious. Yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's. It's most likely it's. It's describing
Pastor Brent McQuay: the same person.
Kris Lacy: Wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So now when you read Esther's story
Pastor Brent McQuay: and this guy like dips his scepter,
Pastor Brent McQuay: now you're gonna be picturing the dude
Pastor Brent McQuay: from 300 with like the nose ring
Pastor Brent McQuay: thing, like looking creepy. Yeah. So that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the guy. So Esther's story, it's interesting.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The book is one of only two
Pastor Brent McQuay: books in the Bible that does not
Pastor Brent McQuay: mention God at all. But you see
Pastor Brent McQuay: God working throughout the. The story kind
Pastor Brent McQuay: of. There's so many. I heard somebody
Pastor Brent McQuay: say it one time like it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: too coincidental to be coincidence. And it
Pastor Brent McQuay: kind of. That's like, it kind of
Pastor Brent McQuay: seems like that's what's. What's happening with
Pastor Brent McQuay: Esther story. But short version of it
Pastor Brent McQuay: is kind of a messed up situation.
Pastor Brent McQuay: King Xerxes kills his wife because she's
Pastor Brent McQuay: disobedient to him and he gets mad,
Pastor Brent McQuay: so he kills her. So he needs
Pastor Brent McQuay: a new one. And to pick a
Pastor Brent McQuay: new one, he decides to have what
Pastor Brent McQuay: some people have described as a beauty
Pastor Brent McQuay: contest which was. Yeah, maybe that's how
Pastor Brent McQuay: you could describe it. Maybe it was
Pastor Brent McQuay: a beauty pageant with sampling of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: right people way of saying what happened.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's a very ugly story. Like if
Pastor Brent McQuay: you read it and realize what they're
Pastor Brent McQuay: really talking about there, it's like, oh
Pastor Brent McQuay: yeah. So like this is not like
Pastor Brent McQuay: the fairy tale princess story. Like Disney's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not making this one.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so anyways, well, the Veggie Tales
Pastor Brent McQuay: did. So you know, who knows?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Anyways, Veggie tails made the story.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yes. There's a, there's a, there's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: Veggie Tales of Ruben shaking his head
Pastor Brent McQuay: up 100. How do you not.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I don't know.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Did you know? Am I the only
Pastor Brent McQuay: one here that watches vegetables?
Ti'heasha Beasley: So you don't watch Chosen, but you
Ti'heasha Beasley: watch veggies?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Of course. That's, that's Veggie sales is
Pastor Brent McQuay: canon. Yeah, I mean, 100.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: They're more biblically accurate anyways.
Ti'heasha Beasley: For real. Okay.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. Come on now, don't knock my
Pastor Brent McQuay: veggie tails. I need some support in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the comments on this one, please. We
Pastor Brent McQuay: need some love for the veggies.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Putting his hand up.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, Come on. I'm in the wrong
Pastor Brent McQuay: room, man. I should just leave you
Pastor Brent McQuay: in your blazers and your lack of
Pastor Brent McQuay: veggie tails. Like it just. I'm the
Pastor Brent McQuay: wrong guy for this conversation. All right,
Pastor Brent McQuay: back on track.
Kris Lacy: It's just lame.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So, so Esther's story. Jewish woman, young
Pastor Brent McQuay: lady who gets picked as part of
Pastor Brent McQuay: this beauty pageant and ends up being
Pastor Brent McQuay: good at her job, I guess is
Pastor Brent McQuay: the way to put that. Xerxes. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: mean, how do you, how do.
Kris Lacy: You have this background?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Uncomfortable conversation. So Xerxes is very enamored,
Pastor Brent McQuay: decides to marry her. She becomes the
Pastor Brent McQuay: new queen. And in that process we
Pastor Brent McQuay: learn about kind of a right hand
Pastor Brent McQuay: man to King Xerxes, A man named
Pastor Brent McQuay: Haman who is very much anti the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jewish people, just hates them, mostly because
Pastor Brent McQuay: he hates a man named Morai who
Pastor Brent McQuay: happens to be related to Queen Esther.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And there's all this drama that happens
Pastor Brent McQuay: there. And Heyman decides, I want to
Pastor Brent McQuay: have Mordecai killed. But it's not enough
Pastor Brent McQuay: just to kill Mordecai, I need to
Pastor Brent McQuay: kill like all of his people.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so there's this plot that's enacted
Pastor Brent McQuay: and Mordecai finds out about it, Esther
Pastor Brent McQuay: finds out about it, Mordecai goes to
Pastor Brent McQuay: Esther and says, you're the queen. If
Pastor Brent McQuay: any of us is going to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: able to do something about this situation,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's going to be you, girl. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's the famous line that everybody knows.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's like, what if for such a
Pastor Brent McQuay: time, right? And so it's just this,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's a really powerful story. It's really
Pastor Brent McQuay: cool. Cool moment. There's some elements of
Pastor Brent McQuay: that that I love where he's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you know, if you don't do anything,
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't think that you're going to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: safe, just cuz you're the queen. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, if you choose to do nothing,
Pastor Brent McQuay: look, God redeems his people. Like, God
Pastor Brent McQuay: saves and salvation's going to come. He's
Pastor Brent McQuay: just not going to use you. But
Pastor Brent McQuay: if you want to be in on
Pastor Brent McQuay: this, then let's, let's do it. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so they come up with a plan.
Pastor Brent McQuay: They execute this plan of getting Xerxes
Pastor Brent McQuay: to kind of get back on the
Pastor Brent McQuay: side of the Jewish people and realize
Pastor Brent McQuay: that, oh, I'm married to one of
Pastor Brent McQuay: them, I should probably do something to
Pastor Brent McQuay: keep them all from getting murdered. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: so end of the story is basically
Pastor Brent McQuay: Haman gets executed in replace of Mordecai.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like it's some, some scholars talk about,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like the book of Esther is the
Pastor Brent McQuay: book of reversals. So it's like everything
Pastor Brent McQuay: that Mordecai plans, God reverses.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Or sorry, everything that Haman plans, God
Pastor Brent McQuay: reversed. So like Haman's planning Mordecai's execution,
Pastor Brent McQuay: Haman ends up getting executed the same
Pastor Brent McQuay: exact way that he was planning on
Pastor Brent McQuay: executing Mordecai. The Jewish people are going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be destroyed utterly. And all their
Pastor Brent McQuay: stuff is taken and it reverses. And
Pastor Brent McQuay: now they're destroying their enemies and they're
Pastor Brent McQuay: getting all of the, the plunder and
Pastor Brent McQuay: all of this stuff. So it's like
Pastor Brent McQuay: God just the first five chapters, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: setting up all this bad stuff's going
Pastor Brent McQuay: to happen. God reverses it. The next
Pastor Brent McQuay: five chapters is all the blessings and,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and God turning the, the.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Table out right there.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Come on now.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Come on.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's a really cool book. I mean,
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's really short. It's like. I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's 10 chapters, maybe 11. I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's 10. Really short book. You can
Pastor Brent McQuay: read through it in the afternoon and.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, cool. History of the Jewish people
Pastor Brent McQuay: in exile because of their sins.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And yet even in their sins, when
Pastor Brent McQuay: they cry out to God, he delivers.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Which is just awesome for us.
Kris Lacy: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It's one of my favorite stories in
Ti'heasha Beasley: the Bible because it's a, it's a
Ti'heasha Beasley: story and you can really see God's
Ti'heasha Beasley: hand in it. And so I'm so
Ti'heasha Beasley: glad we chose to teach on that
Ti'heasha Beasley: in this series.
Pastor Brent McQuay: If you had a daughter, would you
Pastor Brent McQuay: name her Esther because you named your
Pastor Brent McQuay: son Nehemiah? And we're gonna talk about
Pastor Brent McQuay: Nehemiah next week.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so Esther is such an old
Ti'heasha Beasley: name. I don't think so.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And Nehemiah isn't.
Kris Lacy: No, no. It's one of those timeless
Kris Lacy: names, I think. But Esther, we can't
Kris Lacy: do Esther.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That would be too much weight, too
Ti'heasha Beasley: much heavy. Like that's your Esther.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So you were brought for such a
Pastor Brent McQuay: time as this.
Kris Lacy: I'm okay with the weight. The name
Kris Lacy: is just not.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, so. So one reason we thought
Ti'heasha Beasley: about you when it came to this
Ti'heasha Beasley: show is for those who don't know.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I do know you personally, and I
Ti'heasha Beasley: know a little bit of your testimony,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and I know a little bit of
Ti'heasha Beasley: because of the community that we are
Ti'heasha Beasley: a part of and just doing life
Ti'heasha Beasley: together, which is very important and something
Ti'heasha Beasley: we really encourage here at Disciples Church.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know that there was. There was
Ti'heasha Beasley: a season this year where you had
Ti'heasha Beasley: your. Such a time as this moment.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What a setup.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know. So first kind of tell
Ti'heasha Beasley: us.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I want to hear more.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I know you don't help me out
Ti'heasha Beasley: at all. Like, I'm trying to build
Ti'heasha Beasley: anticipation at the crowd, and you just
Ti'heasha Beasley: point me out like, this is what
Ti'heasha Beasley: she doing. I'm just playing. I love
Ti'heasha Beasley: wouldn't be a show without.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know how I can derail
Pastor Brent McQuay: a conversation just so quickly. I apologize.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No. And so first, I want you
Ti'heasha Beasley: to kind of share what really stood
Ti'heasha Beasley: out to you in the message yesterday
Ti'heasha Beasley: from the Mama Chris or Pastor Chris.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I call her Mama Chris.
Kris Lacy: Me, too.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We love her.
Kris Lacy: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so, man, I called her mom.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Before you guys did.
Kris Lacy: You know, I think you're right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You should be off the show. No,
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm just playing. But thanks for sharing
Ti'heasha Beasley: your mom with.
Kris Lacy: Yes. I am grateful.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yes.
Kris Lacy: So first of all, shout out to
Kris Lacy: Mama Chris because she did her thing
Kris Lacy: up there on that stage yesterday, and
Kris Lacy: I was so proud, and I was
Kris Lacy: just so grateful for. For her. Yes.
Kris Lacy: Which is what stood out to me,
Kris Lacy: that I think that was the first
Kris Lacy: step is you have to give God
Kris Lacy: your yes. And for my life, doing
Kris Lacy: that is when everything started to change.
Kris Lacy: Like, not my partial playing the fence
Kris Lacy: lukewarm. It was like, yeah, I love
Kris Lacy: God, but, like. Like, that's enough, you
Kris Lacy: know? Like, I go to church, you
Kris Lacy: know, but when I really, really God
Kris Lacy: was, like, just calling me to him.
Kris Lacy: And when I gave God my yes,
Kris Lacy: like, there's been so much revelation. There's
Kris Lacy: been so much healing and so much
Kris Lacy: just transformation in my life. And I
Kris Lacy: see that in my marriage, and I
Kris Lacy: see that in my friendships, and I
Kris Lacy: see that just in everything that I'm
Kris Lacy: a part of now. But that's because
Kris Lacy: I said yes. And so that's the
Kris Lacy: part that really, like, really hit hit
Kris Lacy: with me yesterday. I mean, all of
Kris Lacy: it was good, but that part for
Kris Lacy: me was like, yes, yes, yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Are you happy to be on the
Ti'heasha Beasley: other side of your yes? And hearing
Ti'heasha Beasley: the story, like, how does that make
Ti'heasha Beasley: you feel? Like, yeah, I made the
Ti'heasha Beasley: right decision.
Kris Lacy: Well, yeah, for sure. But also made
Kris Lacy: me aware that there's not just one
Kris Lacy: yes. You know what I'm saying? Like,
Kris Lacy: I've had to keep saying yes. And.
Kris Lacy: And let me change that. I get
Kris Lacy: to keep saying yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Look at that.
Kris Lacy: And. And so it really is a
Kris Lacy: great opportunity for me when I'm faced
Kris Lacy: with something because I get to say
Kris Lacy: yes. And every time I see, like,
Kris Lacy: that I'm obedient in something.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: I mean, I can't explain. I finally
Kris Lacy: learned what the joy of the Lord
Kris Lacy: is, your strength means. And I'm like,
Kris Lacy: how is his joy my strength? Because
Kris Lacy: I'm not happy in this situation. How
Kris Lacy: does that help me? But in terms
Kris Lacy: of my strength, like, dang, every time
Kris Lacy: I make God happy with my obedience,
Kris Lacy: I get stronger. Because now I'm not
Kris Lacy: concerned about how people feel or if
Kris Lacy: they like it or what the outcome
Kris Lacy: is going to be. I'm concerned about
Kris Lacy: giving him my yes. And every time
Kris Lacy: I get stronger, I get more confident
Kris Lacy: and I'm more comfortable with who I
Kris Lacy: am. And nothing can. Can move me.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's good.
Kris Lacy: So.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: Yeah, yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Jesus said, take up your cross daily.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like that. That's the yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, it's every day. You're. You're. There's
Pastor Brent McQuay: a new yes every single. Every single
Pastor Brent McQuay: morning you wake up, and there's probably
Pastor Brent McQuay: going to be about a dozen other
Pastor Brent McQuay: yeses all throughout the day. Yeah. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: it's definitely not a one and done
Pastor Brent McQuay: decision. It's the life that we live.
Pastor Brent McQuay: We just keep saying yes.
Kris Lacy: For sure. Yeah, man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I just keep thinking about how Esther's
Ti'heasha Beasley: story, how it came to play, because,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, we. We joked about a little
Ti'heasha Beasley: bit. She got into this position, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: it was kind of grimy, like, how
Ti'heasha Beasley: she got.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It's a dark story.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It is a dark story. So do
Ti'heasha Beasley: you feel like you can relate a
Ti'heasha Beasley: little bit? A little bit.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I don't know where that's going.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Not, not, not. Not in that way.
Kris Lacy: Whoa.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So Esther was part of our harem.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No.
Kris Lacy: No.
Pastor Brent McQuay: How does your story relate you?
Ti'heasha Beasley: You are not part of.
Kris Lacy: No.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I need popcorn for this episode.
Kris Lacy: But I mean, I'm saying it's still
Kris Lacy: rough. It was still rough.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I'm just saying. So I'll share a
Ti'heasha Beasley: little bit because I feel a connection
Ti'heasha Beasley: to the story, actually. Like Mama Chris
Ti'heasha Beasley: said, Pastor Chris said yesterday, she taught
Ti'heasha Beasley: this group first to her, the women's,
Ti'heasha Beasley: the CLC women's. And I was. I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was in that session when she taught
Ti'heasha Beasley: it, and it really. What was. She
Ti'heasha Beasley: was driving home in that session was
Ti'heasha Beasley: fear. And I didn't realize, but I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was. There was a decision that I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was wrestling with or just something I
Ti'heasha Beasley: knew I needed to do. And I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was so afraid to do it. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: I was just like, I'm gonna fail.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Like, I don't think I'm good enough,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you know? But when she taught that
Ti'heasha Beasley: message, it just. I felt like I
Ti'heasha Beasley: was like, are you listening? Like, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: know you don't feel like you're adequate
Ti'heasha Beasley: enough for this, but I'm calling you
Ti'heasha Beasley: to do it. And so it inspired.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's how it inspired me, you know?
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so do you have that moment
Ti'heasha Beasley: before your yes? Like, how was that
Ti'heasha Beasley: journey to your yes?
Kris Lacy: Okay, well, first of all, the hidden
Kris Lacy: hand part. Yeah. So that's what I
Kris Lacy: think. That's the part that we forget.
Kris Lacy: And so what happened? Okay, so I'm
Kris Lacy: gonna say I was baptized, like, I
Kris Lacy: think in 2013, maybe for the. For
Kris Lacy: the first time. And then I got
Kris Lacy: baptized again at a conference in 2023.
Kris Lacy: And I remember the weekend I went
Kris Lacy: to that conference, that was a three
Kris Lacy: day, so it started on Friday. And
Kris Lacy: I remember I was taking some notes.
Kris Lacy: They were talking about kingdom principles, and.
Kris Lacy: And I remember them saying, like, basically,
Kris Lacy: who was speaking at the time? It
Kris Lacy: says something along the lines of, like,
Kris Lacy: you can't. Whatever you were doing in
Kris Lacy: the past, it just doesn't. It doesn't
Kris Lacy: serve you where God is taking you,
Kris Lacy: basically. And I heard Holy Spirit say,
Kris Lacy: like, I don't drink anymore. And I
Kris Lacy: put it in my notes and I
Kris Lacy: still have it. And it says in
Kris Lacy: quotes, I don't drink anymore. And the
Kris Lacy: reason it says it also, I didn't
Kris Lacy: say that that wasn't my voice because,
Kris Lacy: you know, of course, you know the
Kris Lacy: Bible. I personally don't see it being
Kris Lacy: wrong if someone has a glass of
Kris Lacy: wine or something like that. I also
Kris Lacy: grew up. My parents struggle with alcoholism,
Kris Lacy: and I love them so much, but
Kris Lacy: my mom recently passed from alcoholism. And
Kris Lacy: so, like that. That moment where Holy
Kris Lacy: Spirit was like, you can't do that
Kris Lacy: anymore. I don't do that anymore. I
Kris Lacy: was like, okay. And I have not
Kris Lacy: had a drink since then. So I.
Kris Lacy: It. It was like. But leading up
Kris Lacy: to that moment, I'm sorry, God has
Kris Lacy: started to reveal certain things to me
Kris Lacy: that, like, were almost insane. I went
Kris Lacy: to go visit my parents with my
Kris Lacy: sisters for like, a little trip. And
Kris Lacy: I'm sorry. Is it okay if I
Kris Lacy: tell the story? Yeah. Okay. So we
Kris Lacy: went on a little Trip. And my
Kris Lacy: mom had hurt herself or something like
Kris Lacy: that, and. And so we decided we're
Kris Lacy: just going to go out and get
Kris Lacy: a break. Let's go have tacos. Let's
Kris Lacy: go have a drink or something and
Kris Lacy: just relax for a second and get
Kris Lacy: away. And as I went to the
Kris Lacy: bathroom, I came back to sit down,
Kris Lacy: and my sisters are looking at me,
Kris Lacy: like, weird, like. And I'm like, what?
Kris Lacy: Like, what just happened? And they were
Kris Lacy: like, my. My middle sister Tina was
Kris Lacy: like, do you know that mom said,
Kris Lacy: you know that she was. That she
Kris Lacy: had her tubes tied with you? And
Kris Lacy: I was like, yeah, she's always told
Kris Lacy: that story because my mom was sometimes
Kris Lacy: a drink, and she was just. She.
Kris Lacy: I think she. I think. I'm guessing
Kris Lacy: she had PTSD from a lot of
Kris Lacy: things that she went through in her
Kris Lacy: life. And so she would always tell
Kris Lacy: the same stories over and over again.
Kris Lacy: And so she used to always say,
Kris Lacy: I have my tools tied with Christy.
Kris Lacy: And I'm like, yeah, she said it
Kris Lacy: a million times, for sure. She was
Kris Lacy: like, so you knew that she had
Kris Lacy: her two sides of you? I'm like,
Kris Lacy: yes, she had me. She had postpartum
Kris Lacy: depression. She cut all her hair off.
Kris Lacy: She got her two sides. She ain't
Kris Lacy: want no more kids. And I think
Kris Lacy: Tina received it when she was telling
Kris Lacy: the story. Tina was like, no, Chris,
Kris Lacy: mom had her tubes tied and then
Kris Lacy: got pregnant with you. And I never.
Kris Lacy: I've heard that story a million times,
Kris Lacy: but I never received what mom was
Kris Lacy: saying as if she was saying, yeah,
Kris Lacy: I had my tooth tied when I
Kris Lacy: had Chris.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You had the timeline.
Kris Lacy: So I used to struggle a lot
Kris Lacy: with my identity. My sister's older sister's
Kris Lacy: name, Martina and Tammy, they're both named
Kris Lacy: after singers. Tammy, Anita after Anita Baker.
Kris Lacy: Tina Marie after Tina Marie. And here
Kris Lacy: I come along, Christy, Ellen. And I'm
Kris Lacy: like, who is that? You know, like,
Kris Lacy: why is my name so different?
Pastor Brent McQuay: I have the exact same story. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: won't interrupt yours.
Kris Lacy: I'm like, they don't even like to
Kris Lacy: sing. I love to sing and everything.
Kris Lacy: Like, this is a problem for me.
Kris Lacy: And so and so. But in that
Kris Lacy: moment, like, I struggle again so much.
Kris Lacy: My sister used to tell me I
Kris Lacy: was adopted. That's like normal older siblings
Kris Lacy: do. But I'm like, dang, I don't
Kris Lacy: fit in. And God told me in
Kris Lacy: that moment, like, I just remember looking
Kris Lacy: up and getting super emotional, and God
Kris Lacy: saying, even your mom couldn't keep you
Kris Lacy: from being here, man. He said, not
Kris Lacy: only did I call you, I set
Kris Lacy: you apart because I Called you by
Kris Lacy: name. And my name, Christy Ellen, stands
Kris Lacy: or translates to follower of Christ light.
Kris Lacy: And wow. Everything changed for me, like,
Kris Lacy: leading up to that. So that was
Kris Lacy: like in February. I went to that
Kris Lacy: conference in June. God chased me down.
Kris Lacy: And so there was just like a
Kris Lacy: lot of things leading up. And I
Kris Lacy: remember Pam Evans, she's like my spiritual
Kris Lacy: mom. Before I went to see my
Kris Lacy: mom, she was like, the Lord is
Kris Lacy: about to reveal something to you when
Kris Lacy: you go see your parents. And then
Kris Lacy: that happened.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I was like, okay, so wow.
Kris Lacy: Yeah. So, you know, there was just
Kris Lacy: so many things that in terms of
Kris Lacy: my identity, the enemy does so much
Kris Lacy: to try to make us think. Think
Kris Lacy: that we are not qualified. But everybody
Kris Lacy: has a moment. If they were here,
Kris Lacy: they would choose, like, just to. If,
Kris Lacy: like, if people were like, I don't
Kris Lacy: know who I am, I called or
Kris Lacy: what I started asking God for real,
Kris Lacy: like, I feel something, but what is
Kris Lacy: it? Cuz I feel like I don't
Kris Lacy: feel important. So he, He. He showed
Kris Lacy: me, like, I assigned you to be
Kris Lacy: here. So I think everybody is here.
Kris Lacy: You're here for a reason. If you
Kris Lacy: have breath, you have life, you have
Kris Lacy: purpose. So yeah. Yeah, that was kind
Kris Lacy: of my moment.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That was beautiful. Thanks for sharing. What.
Ti'heasha Beasley: What I. You are for real. For
Ti'heasha Beasley: such a time as this story, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you weren't even supposed to be here.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Technically, your mom was like, I'm not
Ti'heasha Beasley: having no more kids. And then here
Ti'heasha Beasley: you come.
Kris Lacy: There it. I'm be completely honest. After
Kris Lacy: we had that conversation, there was some
Kris Lacy: confusion. I'm like, I don't even know
Kris Lacy: if that's true. And I really never
Kris Lacy: got to verify that with my mama
Kris Lacy: after that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Does mama go grant verification?
Kris Lacy: Like, I never really got to have
Kris Lacy: that conversation. Like, you said this a
Kris Lacy: million times, but my sister said. And
Kris Lacy: I don't know if she just. So
Kris Lacy: I don't have 100% facts. True. But
Kris Lacy: for that moment, God used that moment
Kris Lacy: to speak to me. And so I
Kris Lacy: just received what he said. And that's
Kris Lacy: the part that matters. I just received
Kris Lacy: what he said.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Well, what's your story, Pastor Brent? You
Ti'heasha Beasley: say you can relate.
Kris Lacy: Oh, yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Mine's not nearly as fun. It's just
Pastor Brent McQuay: funny for me. So my brother's name
Pastor Brent McQuay: is Chad Andrew, and my mother is
Pastor Brent McQuay: Chris Ann. So Chad Andrew, Chris Ann.
Pastor Brent McQuay: My sister is Jennifer Lynette. And my
Pastor Brent McQuay: father is Jerry Lynn. Jennifer Lynette, Jerry
Pastor Brent McQuay: Lynn, Chad Andrew Chris and Brenton James.
Kris Lacy: Oh, James is my favorite book of
Kris Lacy: the Bible you married and my husband.
Kris Lacy: So there you go.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I love that you Led with the
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bible, though. You're like, I love that
Pastor Brent McQuay: name. It's in the Bible. Oh, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: I married one.
Kris Lacy: Yeah. Oh, don't say it like that.
Kris Lacy: He's my favorite.
Ti'heasha Beasley: 100% James is in the Bible. James
Ti'heasha Beasley: is a beast. Yeah, that's probably why
Ti'heasha Beasley: you're a little spicy sometimes too fast.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It might be.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It might be a trade, because James
Pastor Brent McQuay: can get a little spicy, too.
Ti'heasha Beasley: He can get a little spicy.
Kris Lacy: Oh, yeah. My James.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Okay.
Kris Lacy: He's spicy.
Kris Lacy: 100%.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Law enforcement does that.
Kris Lacy: He's got to be assertive, man.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I think I have a question,
Ti'heasha Beasley: Pastor Brent. Is it appropriate for us
Ti'heasha Beasley: to really believe that God has us
Ti'heasha Beasley: in different positions for a reason, for
Ti'heasha Beasley: a moment, for a time?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, absolutely. We see that repeated all
Pastor Brent McQuay: throughout scripture in different ways. And so,
Pastor Brent McQuay: yeah, I think it absolutely is. Now,
Pastor Brent McQuay: does that mean that all of us
Pastor Brent McQuay: are going to be made queen or
Pastor Brent McQuay: made king or be the president or,
Pastor Brent McQuay: you know. No, I think sometimes we
Pastor Brent McQuay: grandiose. We make it more grandiose, maybe
Pastor Brent McQuay: in our heads, but, like, you could
Pastor Brent McQuay: be the janitor at the school, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: it could be your. For such a
Pastor Brent McQuay: time as this moment, like, you could
Pastor Brent McQuay: be sweeping the classrooms, doing your thing,
Pastor Brent McQuay: and one day there's a teacher that's
Pastor Brent McQuay: having a breakdown, and you're there in
Pastor Brent McQuay: the moment so that you can be
Pastor Brent McQuay: light and life to them. So, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think that, yes, we are where
Pastor Brent McQuay: we are for reasons. It becomes a
Pastor Brent McQuay: more complicated question because, you know, sometimes
Pastor Brent McQuay: you're where you are because you made
Pastor Brent McQuay: bad decisions, and there's things called consequences.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, because I've had some people
Pastor Brent McQuay: be like, well, you know, I know
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm going through bankruptcy because God's got
Pastor Brent McQuay: me here for a reason. It's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: no, you didn't manage your money well.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Can God use it? Sure. Yes, absolutely.
Pastor Brent McQuay: However, if you were like, hey, God,
Pastor Brent McQuay: was it your plan to make me
Pastor Brent McQuay: bankrupt? Maybe not. Yeah, so, yeah, so
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's nuance to these things. But, yeah,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I think that we can absolutely say,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man, this. This is the reason why
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm here. And, like, from. From my
Pastor Brent McQuay: own story, like, my wife and I,
Pastor Brent McQuay: we've. We've experienced that in a lot
Pastor Brent McQuay: of different places where, like, we ended
Pastor Brent McQuay: up in situations where we're like, I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't know why we're here, or we
Pastor Brent McQuay: ended up in a situation where it
Pastor Brent McQuay: was like, the leadership over us or
Pastor Brent McQuay: the people around us. It was like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: man, this is. We're getting beat up.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, why. Why are we even here?
Pastor Brent McQuay: And then all of a sudden, it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, oh, this is why.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so it's been cool to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: able to see, like, some of the
Pastor Brent McQuay: more difficult moments in our story.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: How we can look back on it
Pastor Brent McQuay: and be like, oh, it makes sense.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's the beauty of hindsight.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: It kind of sucks when you're in
Pastor Brent McQuay: it, though, because you don't always, like.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, we can read Esther's story, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: in chapter two, we're not like, oh,
Pastor Brent McQuay: my God, what's gonna happen? Like, we're
Pastor Brent McQuay: not, like, panicking or freaking out, because
Pastor Brent McQuay: you can just flip a few pages
Pastor Brent McQuay: and be like, oh, it works out
Pastor Brent McQuay: in the end.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But when Esther's living it, it's real
Pastor Brent McQuay: different.
Kris Lacy: Yeah. So I'm sorry, but there's a
Kris Lacy: lot of. There's a lot of lessons,
Kris Lacy: I think, in Esther.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Let's talk about it.
Kris Lacy: Yeah. Because so I appreciated her willingness.
Kris Lacy: Like, okay, I'll do it. You know,
Kris Lacy: if I have to die, if I
Kris Lacy: have to perish, I'll perish. I'm like,
Kris Lacy: if I perish.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's a boss line.
Kris Lacy: Yeah, that was me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's about. Come on, put on a
Ti'heasha Beasley: shirt.
Kris Lacy: So good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: If I perish, I perish.
Kris Lacy: I perish. I don't know if I
Kris Lacy: want to wear it, but it's here.
Kris Lacy: But no, you know what? It's so
Kris Lacy: crazy because reading it again, I received
Kris Lacy: a lot from it as a parent,
Kris Lacy: but because of Mordecai. And I thought
Kris Lacy: about how it took for her to
Kris Lacy: really trust his leadership because he took
Kris Lacy: her in when she was so young,
Kris Lacy: and it took for her to really,
Kris Lacy: really trust what he had to say
Kris Lacy: to. To show up. And so it
Kris Lacy: made me think about legacy. And it
Kris Lacy: made me think about how, as a
Kris Lacy: parent, you know, it's so important for
Kris Lacy: me to create a space where my
Kris Lacy: kids feel safe enough to do something,
Kris Lacy: even though they're afraid or that they
Kris Lacy: would trust me and trust my advisement
Kris Lacy: enough that they will be willing to
Kris Lacy: take action. And because of her willingness,
Kris Lacy: because of his leadership first and her
Kris Lacy: willingness, her. Yes. Generations or lives were
Kris Lacy: saying everything turned around for them. And
Kris Lacy: what was also beautiful is at the
Kris Lacy: end, Mordecai was basically in leadership, like,
Kris Lacy: next to the king, you know? And
Kris Lacy: so it just really had me think
Kris Lacy: a lot about legacy and showing up,
Kris Lacy: which is why I gave God my
Kris Lacy: yes, too. It's like, this is so
Kris Lacy: much bigger than me. And I thought
Kris Lacy: about how in real time, she got
Kris Lacy: to see generations before her be blessed
Kris Lacy: and those after. And so it was
Kris Lacy: just really, really.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, that's A good point to point
Ti'heasha Beasley: out.
Kris Lacy: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That she had someone whom she trusted,
Ti'heasha Beasley: that was leading her, that even pushed
Ti'heasha Beasley: her, you know what I mean? And
Ti'heasha Beasley: so that's a good.
Kris Lacy: And kept her accountable. Not just like,
Kris Lacy: encouraged her to do it, but also
Kris Lacy: was like. But also friend. God gonna
Kris Lacy: have his way whether you like it
Kris Lacy: or not. Whether you like it or
Kris Lacy: not, I.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Need you to know you have someone
Ti'heasha Beasley: in your. Your life like that, like
Ti'heasha Beasley: a, A leader or.
Kris Lacy: Yeah. As Ms. Evans, you know, I
Kris Lacy: wouldn't be. And I love and. And
Kris Lacy: this is just like in my faith,
Kris Lacy: you know, just the woman of God
Kris Lacy: that I am. The way she, like,
Kris Lacy: she would be like, chris, I keep
Kris Lacy: coming back to the same point with
Kris Lacy: you, and I be like, okay, you
Kris Lacy: haven't figured this one out yet. And
Kris Lacy: she cracked me up. But I love
Kris Lacy: that woman just for her mentoring me
Kris Lacy: and guiding me on, you know, what
Kris Lacy: it means to be a godly wife
Kris Lacy: and mom. And she actually helped me.
Kris Lacy: I've been, y', all, I've been a
Kris Lacy: stay at home mom for seven and
Kris Lacy: a half years. And today is the
Kris Lacy: first day in seven and a half
Kris Lacy: years where I've had the day to
Kris Lacy: myself because all three of my kids
Kris Lacy: are in school full time.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's a praise. Yes.
Kris Lacy: I have people, so. But she would
Kris Lacy: always tell me, chris, like, the time
Kris Lacy: is gonna go by, like, that's gonna
Kris Lacy: go by so fast. Like, God has
Kris Lacy: allowed you to be a stay at
Kris Lacy: home mom. And I'm like, this was
Kris Lacy: not in my plans for me. Are
Kris Lacy: you sure? Do you know who I
Kris Lacy: am or what I'm capable of? She
Kris Lacy: like, girl, sit down somewhere.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You just said something.
Kris Lacy: Oh, go, please.
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, I was gonna say you just
Ti'heasha Beasley: said something. Something about it reminded me
Ti'heasha Beasley: of what Pastor Chris talked about in
Ti'heasha Beasley: her message. With timing.
Kris Lacy: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I think it relates even to
Ti'heasha Beasley: your story. Now I'm going to share
Ti'heasha Beasley: a little bit because, you know, I
Ti'heasha Beasley: remember a couple months ago, maybe right
Ti'heasha Beasley: before summer. Oh, my gosh. And I'm
Ti'heasha Beasley: not going to get emotional, but we
Ti'heasha Beasley: had a conversation and you was just
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, I've been missing it. You actually
Ti'heasha Beasley: caught me with this whole scripture that
Ti'heasha Beasley: you found in Deuteronomy. And you was
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, I've been missing it. I've been
Ti'heasha Beasley: trying to hold on to things that
Ti'heasha Beasley: God has been telling me to release
Ti'heasha Beasley: for this time for my family. And
Ti'heasha Beasley: I saw you submit fully to God
Ti'heasha Beasley: and to the calling, which wasn't like
Ti'heasha Beasley: this grand, like, oh, I'm going to
Ti'heasha Beasley: be this. It was like, submit to
Ti'heasha Beasley: the calling of serving your family, your
Ti'heasha Beasley: Husband and your children and letting go
Ti'heasha Beasley: of things you really wanted. Man, that,
Ti'heasha Beasley: that was. That is the first such
Ti'heasha Beasley: a time as this moment.
Kris Lacy: Yeah. Thank you for bringing that up.
Kris Lacy: Yeah, you just got me teary eyed.
Kris Lacy: So let me pull it all back
Kris Lacy: before it all comes out. Okay. But
Kris Lacy: yeah, so I remember God like telling
Kris Lacy: me because I felt, I was just
Kris Lacy: feeling a lot of conflict because I
Kris Lacy: do know that God has called me
Kris Lacy: out to speak and do all these
Kris Lacy: other things and I do have my
Kris Lacy: business and stuff. But I'm like, it
Kris Lacy: kept being this friction where my kids,
Kris Lacy: I'm home every day and they're still
Kris Lacy: like not getting enough. And I'm like,
Kris Lacy: how much more? And even my husband,
Kris Lacy: he's like, can, you know, can we
Kris Lacy: have some time together? And I'm like,
Kris Lacy: if I'm not at yalls disposal every
Kris Lacy: single day, all the time, I don't
Kris Lacy: get a day off. So. What are
Kris Lacy: you talking about? I'm so confused. So
Kris Lacy: I went to the Lord and so
Kris Lacy: I'm like, what is it really like
Kris Lacy: what is happening? And I remember I
Kris Lacy: had to, I even, you know, I
Kris Lacy: was serving, I've been a commissioner in
Kris Lacy: my village for like seven years. Seven,
Kris Lacy: seven and a half years. I was
Kris Lacy: chair of my commission and I was
Kris Lacy: serving in D.C. women as one of
Kris Lacy: the table leads. And then I was
Kris Lacy: serving as vice president of the Chicago
Kris Lacy: chapter of the Next Level Speakers Academy.
Kris Lacy: And I love all of these roles,
Kris Lacy: like they were so important to me.
Kris Lacy: All had a special place in my
Kris Lacy: heart. And I remember God was like,
Kris Lacy: you know, all of those things were
Kris Lacy: good, but they weren't things that I
Kris Lacy: told you to do. Like you didn't
Kris Lacy: ask me. That's good if that's where
Kris Lacy: I wanted you to be. And they
Kris Lacy: all aligned. I'm like, I'm very much
Kris Lacy: a community advocate. Okay, this is good.
Kris Lacy: Like, you know, I love speaking, I
Kris Lacy: love serving entrepreneurs, I love serving my
Kris Lacy: church. Like this is good. And he
Kris Lacy: was just like. And I asked God
Kris Lacy: and he. And he said, I graced
Kris Lacy: you to be his wife. I graced
Kris Lacy: you to be their mom. But the
Kris Lacy: grace that I've given you, you extended
Kris Lacy: to all these places that I didn't
Kris Lacy: call you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: And I'm like, that can be a.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Tough pill to swallow.
Kris Lacy: I'm like, sir, how do I just
Kris Lacy: walk away from all of these things
Kris Lacy: and places? And I remember I heard,
Kris Lacy: dang Holy Spirit said, it was just
Kris Lacy: like, I'll give it back to you
Kris Lacy: or whatever. So I looked up scriptures
Kris Lacy: because I'm like, what scripture was It.
Kris Lacy: That. That said that talks about this.
Kris Lacy: And he specifically gave me. Oh, let
Kris Lacy: me bring it up, y'. All. Can
Kris Lacy: I bring it up?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Sure.
Kris Lacy: It was Deuteronomy 30 and 3.
Ti'heasha Beasley: She was in the Old Testament and.
Kris Lacy: I'm like, I love the Old Testament.
Kris Lacy: It was.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Why she's looking up this beautiful. It's
Ti'heasha Beasley: like a lot of stories. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: History. It's the. It's the introduction of
Pastor Brent McQuay: the character and nature of God. What
Pastor Brent McQuay: he loves, what he hates, what he
Pastor Brent McQuay: wants for us. Like. Yeah.
Kris Lacy: Yes.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You need your own show, Pastor.
Kris Lacy: No, first of all, I do love
Kris Lacy: when you do your. Answer the questions
Kris Lacy: and you do that stuff. Like, it's
Kris Lacy: so good. Yeah, no, yeah, for sure.
Kris Lacy: It's so good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I've got my. My wedding ring is
Pastor Brent McQuay: Joshua 1:9. Be strong and courageous for
Pastor Brent McQuay: the Lord your God will be with
Pastor Brent McQuay: you wherever you go.
Kris Lacy: Oh, come on.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Bible verses, Old Testament. Be slapping, be
Pastor Brent McQuay: slapping.
Kris Lacy: I like that. Okay, okay, okay. So
Kris Lacy: that's what it. So I remember Holy
Kris Lacy: Spirit, restoration. That's what he's at. Restore.
Kris Lacy: That's what I'm like. Okay. So then
Kris Lacy: I looked up scriptures on restoration. And
Kris Lacy: then he gave me Deuteronomy 30 and
Kris Lacy: 3. And it says, then the Lord
Kris Lacy: your God will restore your fortunes. He
Kris Lacy: will have mercy on you and gather
Kris Lacy: you back from all the nations where
Kris Lacy: you were scattered. And I'm like, well,
Kris Lacy: that was very clear because I've been
Kris Lacy: scattered all over the place. And. And
Kris Lacy: so he promised restoration. But then I
Kris Lacy: heard Holy Spirit say, read the whole
Kris Lacy: thing. And long story short, the whole
Kris Lacy: thing. Because there was one my. The
Kris Lacy: Next level Speakers Academy. I love this
Kris Lacy: group, you know, and I. I enjoy
Kris Lacy: leading and had made. Did the. They
Kris Lacy: were coming here to do our meetings.
Kris Lacy: Like, I just love it, right? I'm
Kris Lacy: like, well, that's the newest thing. Thing.
Kris Lacy: I need to at least give them
Kris Lacy: a year professionally. That only makes sense.
Kris Lacy: And I was kind of holding on
Kris Lacy: to that one. And so I was
Kris Lacy: like. But then I read the whole
Kris Lacy: thing and there was a part and
Kris Lacy: it just really talks about if you
Kris Lacy: will give it all to me.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: I will not just restore you, but
Kris Lacy: I will restore your children. And I.
Kris Lacy: And it just spoke like I got
Kris Lacy: chills. And I immediately got on my
Kris Lacy: knees in my living room and I
Kris Lacy: weeped and before the Lord and just
Kris Lacy: said, thank you, you can have it
Kris Lacy: all. Cuz I don't want anything that
Kris Lacy: you don't want for me. And it
Kris Lacy: was just so cool to just see
Kris Lacy: and. And even something changed in my
Kris Lacy: husband. I don't Know what it was,
Kris Lacy: but he was like, just the way
Kris Lacy: that you're being obedient. Like, I wasn't
Kris Lacy: going to go to the speakers conference
Kris Lacy: that year. He was just like, nah,
Kris Lacy: I'm still going to take you. Like,
Kris Lacy: everything I thought I was going to
Kris Lacy: be giving up, not only did, like,
Kris Lacy: I still get to do or the
Kris Lacy: favor I still have, or whatever I
Kris Lacy: thought I was losing, I have that
Kris Lacy: in so much more in my relationship
Kris Lacy: and just in the ability to be
Kris Lacy: present. And now I don't feel the
Kris Lacy: pressure to perform for anybody. Like, everything
Kris Lacy: was just gone. And I'm just like,
Kris Lacy: read Deuteronomy 30. It is a good
Kris Lacy: book. But, yeah, God said he'll give
Kris Lacy: it all back.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I love that. And the reason
Ti'heasha Beasley: I kind of wanted to pick that
Ti'heasha Beasley: out was because of the obedience part,
Ti'heasha Beasley: which is what was taught in the
Ti'heasha Beasley: sermon as well. Before you can have
Ti'heasha Beasley: that moment where you can say for
Ti'heasha Beasley: such a time as this, like, what
Ti'heasha Beasley: are you submitting to God? What are
Ti'heasha Beasley: you surrendering? What are you still holding
Ti'heasha Beasley: on to that needs to be let
Ti'heasha Beasley: go of so that God can put
Ti'heasha Beasley: you in a place to carry out
Ti'heasha Beasley: the assignment he has for you. So
Ti'heasha Beasley: I don't know, do you have any
Ti'heasha Beasley: seasons where.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I was just going to jump in
Pastor Brent McQuay: with a spoiler for next week. So
Pastor Brent McQuay: next week we're doing Nehemiah story, and
Pastor Brent McQuay: there's a verse that stands out because
Pastor Brent McQuay: you were talking about, these are good
Pastor Brent McQuay: things. These are good things. There's a
Pastor Brent McQuay: moment in Nehemiah's story where there's some
Pastor Brent McQuay: kings that are plotting to kill him.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so they're. They're trying to get
Pastor Brent McQuay: him out of the city so that
Pastor Brent McQuay: they can kill him. But, like, at
Pastor Brent McQuay: appearance level, these are kings inviting Nehemiah
Pastor Brent McQuay: to come and sit with them like
Pastor Brent McQuay: this. That's a good thing. But his
Pastor Brent McQuay: response, he writes them a letter and
Pastor Brent McQuay: he says, I can't come down. I'm
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing a great work.
Kris Lacy: Wow.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. And it's just this. This comparison
Pastor Brent McQuay: of when God has something great for
Pastor Brent McQuay: you to be doing good. Don't get
Pastor Brent McQuay: distracted by the good things.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You'Ll be giving us. At least one.
Pastor Brent McQuay: She said it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I need you to run that back.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, that's so good. So, yeah, so
Pastor Brent McQuay: that. That's good. What was your question?
Ti'heasha Beasley: No, that was so distracting. I was
Ti'heasha Beasley: just saying, like, you know, we heard
Ti'heasha Beasley: a lot about her for such a
Ti'heasha Beasley: time as this moment. I know you
Ti'heasha Beasley: stepping into the role as, like a
Ti'heasha Beasley: leave pastor two years, two or three
Ti'heasha Beasley: years ago.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, something like that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Was it a for Was that your
Ti'heasha Beasley: first such a time as this moment?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yes and no. Like, I. I think
Pastor Brent McQuay: everything is. It's always for such a
Pastor Brent McQuay: time as this. Like. Like our first
Pastor Brent McQuay: position as youth pastors. Like, I still,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, I can see what God was
Pastor Brent McQuay: doing in those three years. And then
Pastor Brent McQuay: we went out to South Bend, Indiana,
Pastor Brent McQuay: to. To work for a campus there.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And like. Like, there's so many things
Pastor Brent McQuay: that we're like, oh, man, if we
Pastor Brent McQuay: didn't have that moment. But, like, it.
Pastor Brent McQuay: For me, like, my whole life just
Pastor Brent McQuay: feels like layers.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And it's. It's like I. You could.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You could. If you pulled any one
Pastor Brent McQuay: of those layers out and it didn't
Pastor Brent McQuay: happen, then Brent isn't the person that
Pastor Brent McQuay: he is today. I don't know why
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm talking about myself in the third
Pastor Brent McQuay: person.
Ti'heasha Beasley: It works for you.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But, yeah, so it's like, so the
Pastor Brent McQuay: good, the bad, the ugly, like, all
Pastor Brent McQuay: of it. Like, it. It forms who
Pastor Brent McQuay: I am, and it equips me for
Pastor Brent McQuay: what I'm doing today. And so, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the. The pasture that I am right
Pastor Brent McQuay: now, if I don't have the time
Pastor Brent McQuay: serving as the. The manager of a
Pastor Brent McQuay: thrift store and food pantry in Ly.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, if I don't have that experience
Pastor Brent McQuay: of working with the homeless community in
Pastor Brent McQuay: that town, like, if I don't have
Pastor Brent McQuay: that. That experience, I don't have the
Pastor Brent McQuay: compassion that I have now. If. If
Pastor Brent McQuay: I didn't have some of the leaders,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that man took advantage and just did
Pastor Brent McQuay: stuff that wasn't appropriate and wasn't right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And. But if I didn't have that
Pastor Brent McQuay: moment, then when. When people are coming
Pastor Brent McQuay: to our church, talking about church hurt,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'd be like, I have no idea
Pastor Brent McQuay: what you're talking about. You know, I've.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I've said on the podcast, before growing
Pastor Brent McQuay: up, I. There was three men that
Pastor Brent McQuay: I called pastor. Two of the three
Pastor Brent McQuay: had moral failures. Like, but if I
Pastor Brent McQuay: don't experience that, then the way I
Pastor Brent McQuay: live my life today is going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: be different, and I'm not going to
Pastor Brent McQuay: have this great warning built in of,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, hey, pastors, like. Like, you need
Pastor Brent McQuay: to walk straight, because when you don't,
Pastor Brent McQuay: here's what happens.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so, like, yeah, there's all of
Pastor Brent McQuay: those. You could call them, you know,
Pastor Brent McQuay: for such a time as this.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: I love that.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Just kind of builds.
Kris Lacy: I think everybody should see their own
Kris Lacy: life that way. Yeah. Yeah, though. Right?
Kris Lacy: Because that's if we would take the
Kris Lacy: time to really reflect. And I don't
Kris Lacy: think enough of us do.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: Like, if you take the time to
Kris Lacy: really reflect on that. It's like, oh,
Kris Lacy: yeah, there are layers. And God is
Kris Lacy: so intentional. I think of, like, a.
Kris Lacy: An assembly line for cars. Yeah. Like,
Kris Lacy: how. You know, if you skip a
Kris Lacy: part on the assembly line, you might
Kris Lacy: look pretty on the outside, but you
Kris Lacy: lack an engine and the car.
Pastor Brent McQuay: So that's kind of an issue.
Kris Lacy: You know what I'm saying? That's not
Kris Lacy: gonna work. And so if God is
Kris Lacy: going to complete his good work, the
Kris Lacy: work that he started in us, then
Kris Lacy: we have to be okay with every
Kris Lacy: stage of our process and be intentional.
Kris Lacy: Because I don't want. I'm at the
Kris Lacy: place where I. Because I did, like,
Kris Lacy: where I do know that God has
Kris Lacy: me. I've always been, like, a little.
Kris Lacy: Since I was a little girl. I'm
Kris Lacy: like, you know, larger than life. And
Kris Lacy: my mom, I believe it's really her
Kris Lacy: fault, because she really made me believe
Kris Lacy: I was some sort of superstar.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You're gonna fly. Yeah.
Kris Lacy: I'm like, why Ain't nobody discovered me
Kris Lacy: yet? Like, I'm trying to figure out
Kris Lacy: what's going on. And so it's her
Kris Lacy: fault. But I really. I appreciate that
Kris Lacy: now because it had given me a
Kris Lacy: level of audacity through my life, but
Kris Lacy: at the same time, it's like I
Kris Lacy: was rushing to that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: Or whatever that part was. But that's
Kris Lacy: just a part. Like, if we would
Kris Lacy: choose to be ever so present. There's
Kris Lacy: so much beauty in receiving what God
Kris Lacy: has for us in the moment, even
Kris Lacy: the hard times and now. We've all
Kris Lacy: been through so much.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: But if we could look at it
Kris Lacy: like this is just another layer of
Kris Lacy: the process. So then when I get
Kris Lacy: where I'm supposed to be going, he
Kris Lacy: will say, well done. I don't want
Kris Lacy: to skip nothing, you know?
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. You need to constantly be asking
Pastor Brent McQuay: yourself, what am I learning in this.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This season? Like, in this situation? Okay,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that sucked. What can I learn from
Pastor Brent McQuay: it? That was amazing.
Kris Lacy: Yes.
Pastor Brent McQuay: What can I learn from it? Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the good, the bad, the ugly, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: whatever it is, what am I learning?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because if. If I'm not learning that
Pastor Brent McQuay: I'm wasting the opportunity, I'm wasting the
Pastor Brent McQuay: moment. And, like, there's things that you're
Pastor Brent McQuay: gonna go through in life that are
Pastor Brent McQuay: gonna suck. You're gonna go through it
Pastor Brent McQuay: regardless. You might as well get something
Pastor Brent McQuay: out of it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Facts.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah, let's. Let's be learning, growing.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Oh, that's so good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Maturing and developing and.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Well, it's funny you're saying those things
Ti'heasha Beasley: I was going to say, what. What
Ti'heasha Beasley: are Some things we can pull away
Ti'heasha Beasley: from this lesson as application to those
Ti'heasha Beasley: watching. So I love how you said,
Ti'heasha Beasley: take that season, whatever season you're in.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah. And find out what to be
Ti'heasha Beasley: learning there.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah. So I. I think, like, so
Pastor Brent McQuay: Esther's story, one of the. If I
Pastor Brent McQuay: just rapid fire. You need to be
Pastor Brent McQuay: around the right people. Right. If Mordecai
Pastor Brent McQuay: isn't there, that story is very different.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like, you need Mordecai in that story.
Pastor Brent McQuay: But she also. She has a moment
Pastor Brent McQuay: where it, like, it says, like, she
Pastor Brent McQuay: went to her ladies and was like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: hey, ladies, we need to pray and
Pastor Brent McQuay: we need to, like, she got a
Pastor Brent McQuay: group of people. So, like, you got
Pastor Brent McQuay: to be around the right people. You
Pastor Brent McQuay: got to go to prayer first. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: that was. That was her response. She's
Pastor Brent McQuay: spent a time of prayer and fasting.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You're gonna have to do hard things.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Like when you say yes to Jesus,
Pastor Brent McQuay: he's going to tell you to do
Pastor Brent McQuay: some stuff that is not easy. Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I mean, when she goes before the
Pastor Brent McQuay: king, it was illegal at that time
Pastor Brent McQuay: to go before the king without an
Pastor Brent McQuay: invitation. It was basically a law, basically,
Pastor Brent McQuay: to kind of protect his time. Right.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And this is a king that was
Pastor Brent McQuay: known. I mean, she was queen because
Pastor Brent McQuay: the previous queen disobeyed.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so he killed her. So, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, it's so disobedience is. Is a
Pastor Brent McQuay: big risk.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Right.
Pastor Brent McQuay: And so for her to even approach
Pastor Brent McQuay: the king the way that she did,
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, there's a risk to that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's why when she says, if I
Pastor Brent McQuay: perish, I perish, that wasn't just, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: dramatization of, like, you know, she's not
Pastor Brent McQuay: like, oh, no, it's, like, literal. Like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: she could so, like, get around the
Pastor Brent McQuay: right people. Pray, do the hard things.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good.
Kris Lacy: That's it. Yeah. I love it.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I. And I have to feel
Ti'heasha Beasley: like there's a small, like, strategy Was
Ti'heasha Beasley: there, too. I don't know. Maybe you
Ti'heasha Beasley: could. I feel like strat. Like, for
Ti'heasha Beasley: her to, like, her strategy was prayer.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And then in that, God gave her
Ti'heasha Beasley: the next step, which is, you know,
Ti'heasha Beasley: we'll see.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Strategy a lot more. With Nehemiah's story,
Pastor Brent McQuay: Esther's story, the strategy is a little
Pastor Brent McQuay: bit more. You might have to read
Pastor Brent McQuay: into the text to get her strategy.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Because. Yeah. This is like cooking a
Pastor Brent McQuay: meal for him. Okay. Maybe you could
Pastor Brent McQuay: call that strategy, you know?
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah.
Kris Lacy: As a wife.
Ti'heasha Beasley: If we want something.
Kris Lacy: Oh, what you want for dinner? You
Kris Lacy: like pork chops? Let me feed you.
Kris Lacy: Let me make sure you're comfortable.
Pastor Brent McQuay: You know, I Would say, though, like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: the second meal, that wasn't strategy, that
Pastor Brent McQuay: was fear. I think she let's look
Pastor Brent McQuay: at a different perspective because the Bible
Pastor Brent McQuay: doesn't really tell us what her thought
Pastor Brent McQuay: process was. But we know that she
Pastor Brent McQuay: was very apprehensive to even go to
Pastor Brent McQuay: him. That instead of working up the
Pastor Brent McQuay: courage to ask the question, she asks
Pastor Brent McQuay: a different question. Will you come to
Pastor Brent McQuay: a dinner with me? Right. And so
Pastor Brent McQuay: then at the dinner when she's like,
Pastor Brent McQuay: I got something really important. Will you
Pastor Brent McQuay: have dinner with me? Again, like, that
Pastor Brent McQuay: didn't feel like strategy. That felt like
Pastor Brent McQuay: somebody that's like, I'm right there. I
Pastor Brent McQuay: know I need to do this.
Kris Lacy: Kicking the can down the road.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Go ahead.
Kris Lacy: Are you challenged? I am for me.
Kris Lacy: And like you said, like, as a
Kris Lacy: wife, we are. And God just. Women
Kris Lacy: are very intuitive and nurturing and all
Kris Lacy: of those things. And so if I'm
Kris Lacy: feeling the vibes in the room and
Kris Lacy: I'm like, nah, he ain't ready yet.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Maybe.
Kris Lacy: Yeah. So, like, for me, yeah, I'm
Kris Lacy: thinking, like, you know, that's true.
Pastor Brent McQuay: This is where it's all speculated. My
Pastor Brent McQuay: part is speculation. The Bible doesn't tell
Pastor Brent McQuay: us.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I like our perspectives. Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Cause it makes her more. Also my
Pastor Brent McQuay: version fits with her personality.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Leading up to the moment she passed
Ti'heasha Beasley: that.
Kris Lacy: That. That ship has sailed. She said,
Kris Lacy: if I perish, I perish. At this
Kris Lacy: point, I'm a ride or die. I
Kris Lacy: gotta handle business. So she was serious.
Kris Lacy: No, no, it was good. I love.
Kris Lacy: I really enjoyed and I'm just enjoying
Kris Lacy: called and can I. Can I just.
Kris Lacy: First of all, I love both of
Kris Lacy: you, like, seriously, deeply. I am so
Kris Lacy: grateful for my community and the people
Kris Lacy: that I do have in my life.
Kris Lacy: I want to say that for. And
Kris Lacy: Pastor Chris, Pastor Jerry, love them so
Kris Lacy: much. And I know probably stepping down
Kris Lacy: while they were probably like, man, this
Kris Lacy: is probably hard. They're like, okay, we
Kris Lacy: did enough. Okay, we can do this.
Kris Lacy: But I am so proud of you
Kris Lacy: all.
Pastor Brent McQuay: A.
Kris Lacy: And for what? Disciples Church. It. The
Kris Lacy: whole meaning. Being there that Sunday when
Kris Lacy: you were like, we're changing the name
Kris Lacy: because this is what we believe. Like,
Kris Lacy: be one. Make one. Resonate so much
Kris Lacy: with my spirit. And I'm like, yo,
Kris Lacy: I'm. You know, 10 years ago, I'm
Kris Lacy: driving past Disciples Church because they. They.
Kris Lacy: That's weird. A little bit in my
Kris Lacy: mind. That's a little. That's a little
Kris Lacy: bit much. I'm not going there now.
Kris Lacy: I'm like, yes. Like, we're Disciples Church.
Kris Lacy: This is so good. So I just
Kris Lacy: want to say I'm so just honored
Kris Lacy: to be a member, to be under
Kris Lacy: your leadership. I'm so grateful for you
Kris Lacy: and Pastor Soul, Pastor Chris, Pastor Jerry,
Kris Lacy: and Taisha, you are a phenomenal woman
Kris Lacy: of God. And any fear that you've
Kris Lacy: ever had about not being qualified, I
Kris Lacy: hope you see with even your service
Kris Lacy: here at our church, that you are
Kris Lacy: more than. And you were called for
Kris Lacy: such a time as this.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Pastor Ren, I don't know. He might
Ti'heasha Beasley: be. He crossing his finger like you
Ti'heasha Beasley: are.
Kris Lacy: So I love y'. All. Thank you.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Thank you.
Kris Lacy: And we.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We love what God is doing in
Ti'heasha Beasley: your life, your husband's life, your family
Ti'heasha Beasley: life. We love to see it, and
Ti'heasha Beasley: that's what we love around here at
Ti'heasha Beasley: Disciples Church, when you. We really try
Ti'heasha Beasley: to do life together. Even how you
Ti'heasha Beasley: were talking about your mentor. She's one
Ti'heasha Beasley: of. Yeah, she is one of the
Ti'heasha Beasley: members.
Pastor Brent McQuay: She's an elder here.
Ti'heasha Beasley: She's an.
Kris Lacy: I didn't want my boo.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I didn't want to say.
Pastor Brent McQuay: No. She's.
Ti'heasha Beasley: She's so. She's one of our husband,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and that's what I love. Like, our
Ti'heasha Beasley: churches, you can see the difference. Like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you can see the. The wise and
Ti'heasha Beasley: the strong and our elders and then
Ti'heasha Beasley: how they're pouring into us. Younger generation,
Ti'heasha Beasley: who's who need all the guidance.
Kris Lacy: We are the mothers. We're coming to
Kris Lacy: auntie.
Ti'heasha Beasley: We becoming an auntie right now. It's
Ti'heasha Beasley: so good to. To have that here
Ti'heasha Beasley: at this church. It's not just like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: you know, just one generation. You see
Ti'heasha Beasley: multiple. Multiple generations, and you see lots
Ti'heasha Beasley: of families, and so it's just a
Ti'heasha Beasley: good place to have community. So let's
Ti'heasha Beasley: land this plane. Because I know the
Ti'heasha Beasley: production team is like, this is going
Ti'heasha Beasley: all this touchy Philly, loving each other.
Kris Lacy: Apologize. I'm like, one more thing too
Kris Lacy: much. Many times you say that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So what we do when we land
Ti'heasha Beasley: the plane here is we give a
Ti'heasha Beasley: takeaway for our guest. And so from
Ti'heasha Beasley: the sermon, since you're our guest, you
Ti'heasha Beasley: want to go first with your takeaway
Ti'heasha Beasley: from the sermon. From the sermon.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Just what was your. What was your
Pastor Brent McQuay: highlight? Your big moment, your man. That's
Pastor Brent McQuay: the thing that. That hit me right
Pastor Brent McQuay: between the eyes. Hold on to that
Pastor Brent McQuay: one.
Kris Lacy: Yep. I started crying when she talked
Kris Lacy: about just seeing God's hand. Like, what
Kris Lacy: was it? God's.
Pastor Brent McQuay: The hidden.
Kris Lacy: Hidden hand. Yeah. So at the end,
Kris Lacy: I didn't think that I would get
Kris Lacy: so emotional. I felt really good about
Kris Lacy: it at first. But, you know, we
Kris Lacy: have to always be conscious that God
Kris Lacy: has, like, always gone before us. Like,
Kris Lacy: he never leaves or forsakes us. And
Kris Lacy: when it feels like he's not there
Kris Lacy: and it feels like you're alone, like,
Kris Lacy: I'm busy already, you know, my grace
Kris Lacy: has already gone before you. Like, every
Kris Lacy: time I thought I was by myself
Kris Lacy: or I was afraid, he showed up
Kris Lacy: in a way that. Yeah, you know
Kris Lacy: what I mean? That provided comfort for
Kris Lacy: me or a new level of certainty
Kris Lacy: for me. So I just, for anyone
Kris Lacy: watching, just know that God's hidden hand,
Kris Lacy: it really isn't so hidden if we
Kris Lacy: look for it. Like, really. But sometimes
Kris Lacy: we don't. But he's there anyway. And
Kris Lacy: so that is the courage and confidence
Kris Lacy: that we can have when we know
Kris Lacy: that we are called. He's always there,
Kris Lacy: and we don't have to do it
Kris Lacy: alone.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Yeah, man.
Kris Lacy: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's good.
Pastor Brent McQuay: I love it.
Kris Lacy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: All right. For me, you were giving
Pastor Brent McQuay: me that look, like, huh?
Kris Lacy: Yeah.
Pastor Brent McQuay: For me, I think I'm in a
Pastor Brent McQuay: Mordecai season. So I think that for
Pastor Brent McQuay: me, I just recognizing. Identifying that it's
Pastor Brent McQuay: not so much about answering that for
Pastor Brent McQuay: such a time as this kind of
Pastor Brent McQuay: question. Like, it's not me saving the
Pastor Brent McQuay: world. It's me identifying the people and
Pastor Brent McQuay: encouraging the people and pushing some people
Pastor Brent McQuay: out of the nest and into the
Pastor Brent McQuay: next thing. And so that's what the
Pastor Brent McQuay: whole message that's kind of going through
Pastor Brent McQuay: my mind is like, okay, who are
Pastor Brent McQuay: the people that I need to be?
Pastor Brent McQuay: Mordecai, too.
Ti'heasha Beasley: Wow, that's good.
Kris Lacy: That's how I feel about my kids.
Kris Lacy: Yeah, that's good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That was good.
Kris Lacy: I love that.
Ti'heasha Beasley: I definitely feel like you were Mordecai.
Ti'heasha Beasley: You do not let me cry about
Ti'heasha Beasley: anything. Him and Pastor, so they say,
Ti'heasha Beasley: oh, be like girl, get it together.
Ti'heasha Beasley: That's awesome. So I think my takeaway
Ti'heasha Beasley: is the. The kind of, like, what
Ti'heasha Beasley: I shared before. Like, if you're feeling
Ti'heasha Beasley: that. That push, like, if you feel
Ti'heasha Beasley: like you're operating in a space of
Ti'heasha Beasley: fear, that can become a space of
Ti'heasha Beasley: disobedience.
Pastor Brent McQuay: Yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So I just encourage you to really
Ti'heasha Beasley: surrender that to God. Really get prayer
Ti'heasha Beasley: before him and ask him to reveal,
Ti'heasha Beasley: like, those hidden distractions or even those
Ti'heasha Beasley: areas where you're holding on to, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: this is good. Like you said, Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Brent, but God has great for you,
Ti'heasha Beasley: and so don't allow fear to keep
Ti'heasha Beasley: you kind of, like, stagnant or comfortable.
Pastor Brent McQuay: That's good.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And so, yeah, that. That's my takeaway.
Ti'heasha Beasley: And I think it was just such
Ti'heasha Beasley: a. A beautiful message. We all left
Ti'heasha Beasley: so inspired and encouraged to like Pastor
Ti'heasha Beasley: Moy yesterday. He said it well, like,
Ti'heasha Beasley: we're ready to go do some kung
Ti'heasha Beasley: fu out here as believers and disciples
Ti'heasha Beasley: of Jesus. So I encourage you to
Ti'heasha Beasley: if you didn't get get a chance
Ti'heasha Beasley: re watch the message. What did I
Ti'heasha Beasley: say?
Kris Lacy: No, I was just rethinking about yeah.
Ti'heasha Beasley: He should have kicked full I'm just
Ti'heasha Beasley: saying. But no, re watch the message
Ti'heasha Beasley: and share this this podcast, I think
Ti'heasha Beasley: it was so full and really good
Ti'heasha Beasley: conversation to help inspire you in your
Ti'heasha Beasley: different seasons no matter where you are.
Ti'heasha Beasley: So let us know if this episode
Ti'heasha Beasley: blessed you. And until next week, we
Ti'heasha Beasley: love you here on between sermons and
Ti'heasha Beasley: at Disciples Church and we'll see you
Ti'heasha Beasley: soon.